1.print info
2.compare distance
3.get a specific piece of information




2 What is the closest planet to the Sun?
3 What is the name of the 2nd biggest planet in our solar system? ✔ 
3 What is the hottest planet in our solar system?
3 What planet is famous for its big red spot on it?
3 What planet is famous for the beautiful rings that surround it?
1 Can humans breathe normally in space as they can on Earth?
1 Is the sun a star or a planet?
1 Who was the first person to walk on the moon?
1 What planet is known as the red planet?
1 What is the name of the force holding us to the Earth?
1 Have human beings ever set foot on Mars?
1 What is the name of a place that uses telescopes and other scientific equipment to research space and astronomy?
1 What is the name of NASA’s most famous space telescope?
1 Earth is located in which galaxy?
1 What is the name of the first satellite sent into space?
3 Ganymede is a moon of which planet?
3 What is the name of Saturn’s largest moon?
3 Olympus Mons is a large volcanic mountain on which planet?
1 Does the sun orbit the Earth?
3 Is the planet Neptune bigger than Earth?

trueStatement("What is the closest planet to Saturn?")

2 What is the closest planet to Saturn?
1 What color is Venus?
1 What is a constellation?
1 Why is the earth round?
1 Why does the earth spin?
1 What was the first animal in space?
3 What is the hottest planet in the solar system?
3 What is Saturn made of?
3 What is the smallest planet in the solar system?
1 Why do stars die?
3 Why is Mars Red?
3 Why Mars is called the Red Planet?
3 Why does Saturn have rings?
1 Why isn’t the asteroid belt a planet?
1 Why are astronauts weightless in space?
1 Why is the center of the earth hot?
1 Why are stars different colors?
3 Why are Saturn’s rings disappearing?
1 Why dying stars might be a good place to look for life?
1 Why doesn’t earth have more water?
1 Why are distant galaxies moving away faster?
1 Why does the Man in the Moon face the earth?
3 Why is Mars so dry?
1 Why can we see the moon during the day?
1 Why is the Moon Leaving Us?
1 Why does the moon shine?
1 Why are planets round?
1 Why do some scientists consider Pluto to not be a planet?
1 Why are there seasons?
1 Why the sky is blue?
1 Why is space black?
1 Why can’t we launch garbage into space?
1 Why do stars shine?
1 Why is the sun hot?
1 Why is the sunset red?
1 How Fast Does the Earth Rotate?
1 What is the Distance to the Moon?
3 How Many Moons Does Mars Have?
3 How Many Moons Does Jupiter Have?
3 How Many Moons Does Neptune Have?
1 Why is Pluto No Longer a Planet?
1 How Hot is the Sun?
1 How Many Stars are in the Solar System?
3 How Long is a Year on Uranus?
1 How Long Does it Take to Get to Mars?
3 How Hot is Venus?How Long Does it Take to get to the Moon?
3 How Long Does it Take Uranus to Orbit the Sun?
1 Why Does Jupiter Have the Great Red Spot?
1 Why Do Stars Twinkle?

	//Is Earth larger than Venus
	//Which is bigger Earth or Venus
	//Which is the largest Earth or Venus